with what Chayo moedano has exploded and
has made some quite
strong statements against Kiko Hernandez and against
the magazine Shanghai for having
interviewed them the magazine Shanghai is
giving voice to an abuser let's remember
all the damage they have done on and
off television I am not going to
shut up because I have kept quiet enough what
's more I have my power hours and hours and
hours of recording the same
television program the same
television program for 10 years in
children's time hammering me
mistreating me you see insulting me for giving
voice to a person who to this day all
those who have worked with this person
say that she was sick that she had
problems and they gave a voice to that person
so that they could crush me but the thing is that
when this person and
collaborators who earned
from 800 to 1000000 € per program disappear eh
journalists